Hello friends, my name is Ashwini Kumar.
As friends you already know me.
Friends, I am already working in HDFC Bank.
Friends, today's
topic of the video is going to be here,
you must have already seen it in the title and thumbnail.
Friends, the topic of today's
video is going to be
very special for you
because friends, the job profile that is going to be there is going to be
in a government bank, the profile
that is going to be there here, friends, is
also going to be a very good profile for you here in
SBI bank,
friends, in today's video, we have brought
hiring for you, if
friends, your dream is to do a
job in SBI bank, then friends, this
profile is going to be the best for you,
in this, brother, you are
not going to have any exam here.  No one is going to interview you or anything like that.
Friends, there are no government exams here,
you are
not going to have any kind of exam etc. here.
Direct friends, there is going to be a vacancy here.
You will have a direct interview.
Friends, after the interview you will be
directly selected here.  Direct
friends, you are going to be selected here on the basis of interview.
Friends, here I am going to give you complete information about this profile
step by step as to
how you have to
apply in it.  Where friends, is
your job location going to be here?
What kind of work are you going to do here?  Are
you going to have a job profile here?
How much
salary are you going to get here?  I am going to tell you the complete information step
by step in today's video.
For this,
friends, you only have to do one thing that is to
watch the video till the end.  If you like the video, please give it
a like.
Friends, if you are new to the channel then you
must subscribe to the channel
because you keep getting such content here.
Without wasting time let's
start the video.  Friends, in today's
video there is going to be a bank job.
Friends, she is going to stay here inside SBI Bank.
As I just
told you in detail here.  So friends,
if you want to do a job in SBI Bank at present, then
friends, there is a government exam for this.
Brother, if you want to become a
PO in SBI Bank or want to get into any good profile, then
friends, for that you have to
clear an exam, the government exam.  And friends,
you also have an interview which is conducted at a very
good level.
Friends, if you
complete it then only you
can work here in SBI Bank.
But friends, they have adopted a new method here
through which you
can get a job in SBI Bank.
Friends, regarding this, I am going to give
you complete information step by step here
as to how you can do a job in it.
How can you apply for this brother
?  In which locations is she going to live?
How much is your salary going to be?
Brother, what is your
job profile going to be like here?
I am going to give you complete information here right now.
Before that friends, let me tell you an update.
Friends, the update is that if
you have not joined the WhatsApp group yet,
you will find a link below,
go and join friends, if you
want to work in any bank, private bank, that too in
a good position, then friends, you must
join our WhatsApp group,
you can easily find the link in the description box below or
friends, you can
also easily get the link to apply here directly
in the description box below,
you can
also apply here directly.  We have a
lot of vacancies at present.
If you are interested brother, you
want to do a job, you
want to make your career in the banking sector, then friends,
you can connect with us.
You will easily find the link in the description box.  You
can go and join the friends WhatsApp group.  Or friends, you will
also get our number directly here.
You
can also connect with us directly.  Friends, we will
try our best to reply to you here.
Rest of the friends, let us start today's video
here.  About SBI Bank.
In today's video, I am going to
tell you what the hiring is going to be like.
What kind of jobs are you going to get here?
As friends, I will
put a poster here on the side.
Brother, let me tell you about it in detail here.  The
hiring that is going to continue is going to continue for
SBI Bank's customer
friends.  CSA
Customer Service Executive.  Ok?
CSA Customer Service Associate.  Friends,
his profile is going to be here.
Friends, this is going to be the job profile of Grahak Mitra.
Friends, there will be settings inside SBI Bank,
whatever work you will have to do here,
I will tell you that here right now.
Friends, its
payroll company is going to be here.  Well, this is
not a direct on-roll job here friends.  There is a
payroll job.  That means
you will be selected here by a third party.
Your salary will also come from there.
Friends, your experience will be
counted from the experience you have here.  And friends,
you are also going to get this experience.  And brother, the
selection here will also be done for you by a third
party.
Friends, here the name of the payroll company is going to be
Timeless Service Private Limited,
friends the name of this company is going to be Timeless Service Private Limited.  There are
many companies that
hire friends.  But brother, there is also a company
which is providing
you the service of SBI Bank Grass Mitra here.  That
means the
profile provided here is being provided to you here.  Let's
talk about the location.
Well friends, it is going to be for pan India.
Friends, this hiring is going on at present for all these locations like UP, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and brother, your Haryana, Punjab.
Friends, the hiring they have given here at present, the
locations they have given are
Delhi, Noida, Gurgaon, Ghaziabad,
friends, these are given to you because
brother, you can easily get the location here.
Friends, let us talk about salary.
So brother,
your CTC here is going to be from ₹22,000 to ₹26,000.
Plus brother, you will
also have benefits or incentives, there are many
things like PF etc. which will be more than what you get at his place.  That
means, from ₹22,000 to ₹26,000,
your CTC here becomes ₹26,000.
So friends, by adding incentives etc. here,
your salary can
easily be made up to Rs.  Let's talk about eligibility.
So friends,
your graduation should be completed here.
Your marks should be more than 50%.  And
friends, both male and female can apply for this.  Let's
talk about age.
Your age should be between 21 to 30 years.
Brother, if you fall within this age then you
can still apply for it.  There is no problem.
Brother, your English communication should be a little bit okay.   Even
if it is a little less, it will be fine.
Once your introduction etc. is
cleared here, then brother, you can easily get a job.  Let's
talk about
what your job role is going to be here?  So
friends, you will have to work here,
whatever your job role is going to be,
assist with banking service, you will have to
assist the customers who come here,
provide them banking service,
handle the customers, whatever customers come to
SBI bank, you will have to
handle them, promote digital
banking, brother, you will
know at present that digital banking is being
promoted by all the banks, so
brother, you will also have to promote those products here,
if brother, you do
not have any experience etc., even if you
are a fresher, you can still apply for this.  There
is no problem.
Friends, I have already told you its details here.
Like
you can also see the poster here on the side.
Friends, this is all the details we have right now.
If brother, you
want to know the location, where and how many locations are there
and brother, what are the details.  So
friends, what do you have to do?  You will
find a link below.  Friends, you have to go and join the WhatsApp
group.  You have to send me a
personal message.  Brother, I will
also provide you its details here.
If brother, you are interested, if brother,
you want to work in SBI Bank Grahak Mitra, friends, you
want to become a part of SBI Bank,
then friends, what you have to do for that,
a comment box will be shown to you below, friends, go there and
write yes in the comment or write interested
and friends, along with interested,
you must mention here either the name of your job location, whatever is your city, or the name of that state.  From that we will get an
idea from which
location you are from and which
job profile you are
required to have here.  Ok?
What do you have to do with it after that?  You will find the link below.
Friends, you have to go there and
join the group here.  You have to send me a
personal message.  Friends, we will
provide you its complete details here, whatever its details may be.  And friends, this is a 100%
secure job.  No fraud will be committed.
And brother, you get it free of
cost here.  There is no program.  There
is no training fee.  Charges
Friends, here our charges can be a
little bit.  Otherwise there
is no fee etc. for it.  If you
are interested as I just
told you, please comment or
message me personally.  Your reply will be received here.
Rest of the friends, regarding SBI Bank,
I have given you complete
details here as to how you have to apply.  Is
your job location
going to be here and brother, is your friends
job role going to be here.  I have already
told you complete details about SBI Bank here.
If brother, you have any other doubt.
Brother, if you want to ask anything about this then
you can message me on WhatsApp.
Or friends, you can comment.
We will try our best to reply to you here.
Rest of the friends,
I have given complete information about SBI Bank.  I
hope you liked this information in today's
video.  If you liked the video, please give it
a like.  Friends, if
you have not yet subscribed to this channel, then
brother, go quickly and
subscribe to this channel.  See you
in the next video.  Take care.  Bye.